# BMCN Neutrality
---

WRITTEN BY LUPUS

***

In recent times bendersmc news was called out to be imp propaganda more than once. Due to these recent events, I decided to research and investigate this. I have looked at all news articles involving imps, including pwarps, and other articles that are not even war-related. I have also looked at news drafts to look for rejected news against imps. Now before I continue i would like to not this article was made completely independent, jack gave me full freedom and didn’t try to alter the outcome in any way. In this article i go. over facts and in a couple of instances i make some analyses this will be explicitly noted when done. Now let’s start with the clan news, in here there were quite a few reports on imps and ee fights. It’s good to know that I was looking at the sides so UCSR and EE and Imps and TNC. In here i did not find and direct Imp propaganda or anti EE news, i did however find that the statements of imperiale were always at the end of the article, this lets readers think imperiale were right(this is an analyses and not confirmed this was my own observations do not take this as hard evidence this is really likely just a coincidence), EE statements also got words like alleged hadden more than imps, but this is again really likely to be a coincidence. Now what does happen in these articles is that in case of wars, both clans' claims to victory are said to not be confirmed, if your from one of the clans this makes it look like BMCN is against your clan when they are just saying that nothing is confirmed. So if you combine that all there is really no imp propaganda, then moving on to article drafts, this Channel is heden from the public and in this Channel journalist put in drafts and ideas, i noticed that when EE news is put in it gets called EE propaganda master than if Imperial news is put in, with this i must include though that all these articles serre not published so there is absolute no difference and these articles were only in the beggining stages so it is really just nothing. After that i also looked at Pwarps that are sponsored and I couldn’t find anything there supporting the fact that there is imperial propaganda. Now if I combine all of this and look at the facts and analyses than i find that there is no imperial propaganda, it might look that way due to BMCN being harsh when things are not confirmed, but this happens to both sides. Both sides get fact-checked and with both sides' statements, it gets noted when something is not confirmed. So all in all there is no confirmed Imp propaganda that I found in BMCN, nor is there EE propaganda.
