# Book Banning
---

WRITTEN BY FORWARDHARBOR

***

Around 2 days ago, multiple players reported being unable to join survival, for some unknown reason. What they all recalled was however, was that they tped to a player, who then broke a shulker, putting it in the players inventory. Immediately afterwards, all of them remember being kicked, and unable to rejoin survival. This common method is known as book banning, and it has affected several players on multiple smps. How it works, is that the book banner will first fill up a book with high value characters, that take up lots of data. Next, they'll carefully, one at a time, dupe that book and drop it into a shulker, through a hopper. They'll repeat this process several times until the shulker is filled. This creates a high value item, that overloads any player's data if it goes into their inventory. Finally, to intiate the process, they'll start tping numerous players to them. Once one of them accepts, they'll immediately break the shulker and put it into their inventory, essentially permanently banning them from the server for as long as they have the shulker on them. The only way to break free from this is to contact an admin, and get them to clear your inventory. This will delete the item altogether, allowing the player to safely rejoin. However, a good portion of the bmc playerbase doesn't have discord, almost making it impossible for them to get help if they ever face this situation. So, as a word of advice, never accept tps from anyone you don't know, as you could be a book banner's next victim. We advise players to spread this word in-game, so that all players can be warned. It's not apparent if such things are ever going to stop on bendersmc, but for now, we can at least try to save everyone we can.
